docs: explain how to disable issues (#48)
zaproxy/action-baseline: README.md

### `token`

**Optional** ZAP action uses the default action token provided by GitHub to create and update the issue for the baseline scan.

> You do not have to create a dedicated token. Make sure to use the GitHub's default action token when running the action(`secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN`). If you dont want ZAP to create GitHub issues, set the token to an empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not have to create a dedicated token. Make sure to use the GitHub's default action token when running the action(`secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN`). If you don’t want ZAP to create GitHub issues, set the token to an empty string.
```
